Expand re-enable shard allocation section (#4659)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/elasticsearch/red-yellow-cluster-status.md

### Re-enable shard allocation [fix-cluster-status-reenable-allocation]

> You typically disable allocation during a [restart](../../deploy-manage/maintenance/start-stop-services/full-cluster-restart-rolling-restart-procedures.md) or other cluster maintenance to prevent the recovery cascade from the elected master node while node is temporarily out of cluster. If you forgot to re-enable allocation afterward, {{es}} will be unable to assign shards. If the allocations have been disabled, it can be verified using [Read Cluster Settings](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-cluster-get-settings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You typically disable allocation during a [restart](../../deploy-manage/maintenance/start-stop-services/full-cluster-restart-rolling-restart-procedures.md) or other cluster maintenance to prevent a recovery cascade while a node is temporarily out of cluster. If allocation is not re-enabled afterward, {{es}} cannot assign shards.

Verify if the allocations have been disabled using the [cluster settings API](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-cluster-get-settings):
```

```console
GET _cluster/settings?include_defaults&filter_path=*.cluster.routing.allocation.enable
```
will report an `override` from default either on `persistent` or `transient` levels like

```
{
  "persistent": {
    "cluster": {"routing": {"allocation": {"enable": "none" } } }
  }
  "defaults": {
    "cluster": {"routing": {"allocation": {"enable": "all" } } } }
}
```

::::{note}
When cluster.routing.allocation.enable setting is set to none, this does not block ingestion but will prevent new indices from creating(including the indices getting created using ILM Rollover) as it prevents all primaries and their replicas from allocating to nodes within the cluster.
::::

> To re-enable allocation, reset the `cluster.routing.allocation.enable` cluster setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To re-enable allocation, reset the `cluster.routing.allocation.enable` cluster setting:
```

### Re-enable shard allocation [fix-cluster-status-reenable-allocation]

You typically disable shard allocation during a [restart](../../deploy-manage/maintenance/start-stop-services/full-cluster-restart-rolling-restart-procedures.md) or other cluster maintenance to prevent a recovery cascade while a node is temporarily out of the cluster. If allocation is not re-enabled afterward, {{es}} cannot assign shards.

Verify whether allocation is disabled using the [cluster settings API](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-cluster-get-settings):

```console

> GET _cluster/settings?include_defaults&filter_path=*.cluster.routing.allocation.enable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GET _cluster/settings?include_defaults=true&filter_path=*.cluster.routing.allocation.enable
```
ECH console doesn't pass the silent boolean

```

> If allocation not enabled, the response shows an override from the default value at either the `persistent` or `transient` level, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If allocation is not enabled, the response shows an override from the default value at either the `persistent` or `transient` level, for example:
```
